Add high level Muzzle docs (#1270)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: buildSrc/muzzle.md

# Muzzle

Muzzle is a feature of the Java agent that ensures API compatibility
between libraries/symbols on the application classpath and APIs of instrumented
3rd party libraries used by the Agent. In other words the Muzzle ensures
that the API symbols used by the Agent are compatible with API symbols

> on the application classpath. The Muzzle can prevent loading an instrumentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the application classpath. The Muzzle will prevent loading an instrumentation
```

if the APIs do not match.

## How does it work

> At build time the Muzzle gradle plugin generates matcher for 3rd party APIs used by the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At build time the Muzzle gradle plugin generates a matcher for 3rd party APIs used by the agent.
```

The matcher is stored in the instrumentation class in method `ReferenceMatcher getInstrumentationMuzzle()`.

At runtime the Muzzle checks API compatibility between symbols used by the Agent

> and symbols at the application classpath. Before inspecting the classpath

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and symbols in the application class loader. Before inspecting the class loader
```
